Study plan

Dear Visa Officer,

Greetings! My name is Yang Jiyue. I was born in 1995, and my passport number is E07975326. I am writing this study plan to apply for a study visa for Hospitality Management at St.Clair College.

1. Background
I graduated from Chengdu Textile College in 2016, majoring in Tourism English, and started my career at  Temple House Hotel Chengdu as a Call Center Assistant. With my efforts, I served as Call Center Supervisor at W Hotel Chengdu in 2020. Due to the pandemic and significant hospitality decline, I agree with the hotel to terminate the contract. I can have a rest and can take care of my parents at the same time. I started working in Chengdu SKP Shopping mall in August 2022, wanting to experience different industries.

2. Why I choose to continue study
After working in SKP few months, I found the work was very different from what I was expecting.
*First of all, there is no room for promotion in a call center. Above the call center agent, they don't have a call center manager; instead of a shopping mall manager, unified management of all departments. Also call center is separate from a department that directly creates benefits for the mall. Therefore, there is almost no possibility of promotion. 
*Besides, working in SKP, I can't use my profession and specialties. There is no place to use the knowledge of tourism and English I learned in school, and the work of a shopping mall's call center is simple and repetitive. The primary duty of the call center is to answer guests' questions about operation time, shopping mall location, store location and promotions.
*Third, I need to fit into the management mode of SKP. SKP is a local Chinese company, and the management style differs significantly from the foreign-owned hotels I worked in before. SKP has a solemn bureaucratic atmosphere, every week has many meetings, but most are repeated, with no use for SKP's management improvement and problem-solving. Furthermore, there needs to be more career development for employees. Previously when I worked in the hotel, it had different training, encouraged employees to learn more and offered many opportunities for advancement. But SKP emphasized and asked staff to have dedication. Not only is there no training opportunity, but there is also no overtime pay for overtime work.
After a long time of thinking and communicating with my parents, I still want to go back to work in a hotel. The knowledge I learnt and the accumulated experience allowed me to use more development prospects. The pandemic has had a substantial impact on Chengdu's hotel industry. Last November, I started looking for opportunities to return to the hospitality industry again, but there are no hotels for recruitment. Although the control has now been released, currently hiring mainly for waitperson positions. There are no positions suited for me.
I mentioned my current job search dilemma to them at a gathering with my former colleague. One of them told me that the Andaz Hotel is very optimistic about the future of Chengdu's hotel industry, and they have prepared a new hotel. Therefore, she can recommend me to Andaz's talent pool. After her recommendation, I got into the talent pool and got the chance to join the competitive recruitment of Front Desk Manager. The interviewer is very satisfied with my past front desk supervisor, call center supervisor experience, hotel working experience and English language skills. However, at the same time, I need to gain experience in department cost control, recruitment and staff training. I also need to improve my management skills and knowledge of hotel rooms and restaurants. Otherwise, I will not compete for the work shift. Considering the new Andaz will official operation in the second quarter of 2025, the interviewer suggested I do the specialized study to meet the needs of the job.
After my in-depth research, I decided to listen to the interviewer's opinion to do some specialized studies and grab this chance. I made this decision  based on two main reasons:
1) Chengdu Andaz Hotel has vast space for future development and unlimited potential. 
Andaz Hotel locates in Tianfu New District, the most potential national-level new district, gathering a lot of top institutions and head enterprises, such as the Chengdu branch Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) and Sichuan Institute of Shanghai Jiaotong University. Moreover, the super core project, "Western China International Expo City" as the permanent venue of the Western China International Fair and Western China International Cooperation Forum, will promote Sichuan as the new growth of China's exhibition economy. And it is within a 30-minute drive from scenic spots such as Xinglong Lake, Sanji Lake, Tianfu Park, and Longquan Mountain Urban Forest Park. So in the future, there won't be a lack of customers, no matter for business and entertainment.
2) Learning hospitality management knowledge and skills is in line with my long-term development plan, and there are many opportunities for the future.
A recent Tourism Economic Impact Report published by the World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC) shows that in 2023 and 2024, tourism and hospitality will keep growing in the Asian-Pacific region. The report also projected 126 million new jobs to be created in global travel and hospitality over the next decade; about 65% of them will be in Asia Pacific, and nearly half will be in China. Furthermore, with the end of the epidemic and the economy's recovery, the demand for hospitality personnel has increased significantly. Hence the job prospects for this type of work are extensive. 
Therefore, learning about hospitality management, both help to take advantage of this new hotel opportunity and benefit my continued future development in the hotel industry.

3. Why study abroad
At first, I considered studying in China, but there is no suitable study program for me in China. I have two requirements for project selection:
1）The time cannot be too long because I can only use the preparation period of Andaz Hotel to learn;
2）The course should be practical and have substantial help for future work.
And the time spent in China for undergraduate studies is too long and is not match the plan for me to join Andaz Hotel. China's undergraduate studies require at least four years; the earliest I can enter is September 2023, and I will graduate in 2027. In addition, the depth and systematic learning of the courses in domestic training institutions do not meet my requirements. From my understanding, the classes are for beginners or people with zero experience, like making up a hotel room and doing the basic table setting for restaurants. These don't fit my needs for career advancement.

4. Why choose Canada
Since there is no suitable study program for me in China, I am considering studying abroad. My previous major was Tourism English; I have sound English and don't speak another language; this is why I will only consider studying in an English-speaking country. And finally, choose to study in Canada for the following three reasons:
1) The quality of education in Canada is very high.
According to Campus Advisor, one of the Top 10 Higher Education countries, Canada on it, the quality of teaching is guaranteed.
2) The cost of studying in Canada is lower than in other English-speaking countries.
The tuition in Canada is lower than in schools in the U.S. and Australia. For example, The tuition for one year at Conrad N. Hilton College of Hotel and Restaurant Management of the University of Houston is USD 30327（CAD 40577.68); The tuition for one year at Blue Mountains International Hotel Management School is AUD 31000（CAD 28914.63）
3) Canada has good security
A recent U.S. magazine "Global Finance" study named a list of 128 countries with security indices. Canada is the 11th-ranked country with a safety index of 7.42. The stable social environment in Canada allows me to focus on my studies.

5. Why St. Clair College
1) The most important reason I choose St. Clair is the curriculum meets my needs.
For example, "FSA205 INTRODUCTION TO COST CONTROL"-- from this course, I can learn how to do the department cost control because, at the department head level, cost control of all aspects of the department is one of the critical items to be examined in the work; and learning how to effectively control costs is an essential skill for department management. "HOS421 HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT"-- from this course, I can learn how to recruit and train staff; in hospitality, employees are the most critical asset in a hotel, so the selection and training of staff are crucial to the development of the hotel. "HOS317 ROOMS DIVISION MANAGEMENT & HOS419 RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT"--  these two courses can increase my knowledge of hotel room and restaurant management, not only make me competent enough for future different work shifts but also pave the way for future lateral career development.
2) The course cycle meets my requirements
My graduation date in Canada is April 2025, which matches the start of the new business. I can start working immediately after graduation. 
3) The internship in St.Clair appealed to me
Before graduation, I have a chance to intern at the famous Fairmont Hotel and can firsthand experience the operation and management of a Canadian hotel which will significantly help my career development; at the same time, St.Clair also cooperates with Disneyland in the U.S., internship options are plentiful. This combination of theory and practice is beneficial for career development.

6. Funding
·The total estimated cost of study in Canada is around CAD 62,000. (Which includes tuition fee: CAD32,000, living cost and another fee: CAD 1500\month, 20 months: CAD30,000). I already paid the first year's tuition fee: CAD16,000, took a CAD10,000 GIC, and CAD44,000(22,000 Chinese Yuan) fixed deposit. I prepared a total of CAD70,000 to cover my study abroad expenses. 
·CAD10,000 of these funds come from savings from my salary, and CAD55,000 sponsored by my parents(Sponsor Letter attached to Financial Support document). My parents' payroll and mine are attached. My parents are both employees of state-owned enterprises. They have stable incomes and have been working for many years. Therefore, sponsoring me to study abroad has no impact on their lives at home.

7. Career plan
I will return to China when I finish my studies in Canada and apply for the front desk manager position of a newly established hotel.
1) I will join the New Andaz Hotel after graduation.
I have more than four years of experience in the hotel industry. Through my studies at St.Clair College, I gained expertise in departmental cost control, staff recruitment and training. And I can further improve my English and cross-cultural communication skills, so I will be the strongest candidate for this position after graduation. At the same time, according to the data of the C-trip platform, during the Chinese New Year holiday in 2023, Chengdu hotel bookings were up over 100% compared to the 2022 Chinese New Year holiday. This is more than 30% increase compared to the 2019 Chinese New Year holiday (before the pandemic). As the hotel industry gets back on track, I will get more promotion opportunities at Andaz hotel. I can expect to receive a monthly salary of 15,000RMB after joining the company; the cost of studying at St. Clair is equivalent to only the next two years of income. So for me, it was very worthwhile to study in Canada.
2) Chengdu has many supporting policies and networking resources.
At first, Chengdu is a famous tourist city in China, so there is strong support for the tourism and hotel industry. Among them, the General Office of the Chengdu Municipal People's Government issued the" Cultivate new modes of cultural tourism consumption to promote the innovative development of cultural tourism industry implementation plan" to simulate the potential of Culture and tourism consumption and vitality, mentioning until 2025, Focusing on creating more than ten demonstration areas of the new business model of cultural tourism consumption and try to build more than 40 new cultural tourism consumer projects.
Secondly, my hotel career started in Chengdu, and many of my former colleagues still work there. In addition, several outstanding seniors are already leaders in the hotel industry; they're more than willing to help me and guide me in my career development.
At last, some new hotels will open in Chengdu in the future, like Rosewood, Langham, Mandarin Oriental etc., are under construction. Therefore, returning to Chengdu will give me many job opportunities, which will be very helpful for my career development.
3) I have an excellent Exit &Entry record
I have travelled to Japan, Thailand, Cambodia and France, and I return on time for each trip. I am a person who values my credibility and will return to China on time after my studies in Canada.

Sincerely yours, 
Yang Jiyue